[TASK] Use of siteLanguage(“locale”) corrected (#1591)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Conditions/Index.rst

        Returns the language ID as an integer.

    :typoscript:`siteLanguage("locale")`

>         Returns the current locale as `\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Localization\Locale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Returns the current locale as :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Localization\Locale`.
```

        You can call all public methods of the object, for example
        :typoscript:`siteLanguage("locale").getName()` returns `en-GB` or `de-DE`.

>         **Note**: In version 12 there was an unintentional breaking change,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Note**: In TYPO3 v12, there was an unintentional breaking change,
```
